Our code got three main parts.
The Lab1 part where we take care of the inputted arguments when the program starts.
It also instantiates the two train threads.
The trainthread where each train gets id, direction and speed.

And last our run where we got our switch solution.
Here we give every sensor an id based on its cordinates.
And depending on sensor id, train direction and free semaphores the trains take the best path possible at the time
and stops when it has to.

We only use 6 semaphores which isn't to many according to the lab pm.

Sensors:

In every threewaycross we placed 3 sensors, one for each way.
This so that the train can come from any of the three ways in any direction and check if
which path is free and if the train has to stop and wait for a free path. (The train would not have to stop if it was entering the threewaycross from
the single lane, because then it would just choose path depending on which one of the two is free)

For the fourwaycross we placed 4 sensors.
Each of these sensors are so far away from a junction so if the train needs to stop it got time to do so
without getting to a junction.

For the upper part of the "takeover section" we placed two extra sensors as close to the junction as possible.
That's so that the path can get set free at the right timing when a train is about to leave it.
We also put sensors at the stations so the trains can stop and turn around.

Sensors explained with semaphores is described in the code.

Critical sections:

The railroad got two critical sections.
It's the two "one rail" paths each side of the "takeover section".
If a train wants to enter any of the paths they have to check if it's free, if it's not the train have to stop and wait for it to get free.


Trainspeed:

The maximum allowed speed for the trains is 19.
If it gets higher the trains will derail at the stations because our turning algoritm is built for the train not leaving the sensor when stopping. 
With the speed 20 or higher, the train will leave the sensor, and then try to turn again, which results is a crash at the station. 
Also they would not be able to stop before the junctions when they have to.

Test:

First we tested the extreme case scenarios. We put the trainspeed to 1 - 1, 1 - 19, 19 - 1 and 19 - 19.
We let each test run for a quite a while without any problems.
after that we started 15 simulations at once, all with random speed and let them run for 30 minutes without any problems.

We had a rare case when the trains sometimes failed to turn at the station, but that was when simulation speed was set to 1 (and trainspeed 16<x<20), which should explain why
it didn't recieve the commands. Otherwise it wouldn't make sense at all (since the trains always enter the turnsection at the stations at the same speed).
